{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ___random strings___\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The conditions are evaluated from the top downward. \
As soon as a true condition is found, the statement associated with it is executed and the rest of the ladder is bypassed. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The value of a 
\b ? 
\b0 expression is determined as follows: 
\i Exp1 
\i0 is evaluated. If it is true, 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\i\fs26 Exp2 
\i0 is evaluated and becomes the value of the entire 
\b ? 
\b0 expression. If 
\i Exp1 
\i0 is false, then 
\i Exp3 
\i0 is evaluated and its value becomes the value of the expression. For example, consider \
If none of the conditions are true, the final 
\b else 
\b0 is executed. \
That is, if all other conditional tests fail, the last 
\b else 
\b0 statement is performed. If the final 
\b else 
\b0 is not present, no action takes place if all other conditions are false. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Although the indentation of the preceding if-else-if ladder is technically correct, it can lead to overly deep indentation. \
For this reason, the if-else-if ladder is generally indented like this: \
where 
\i Exp1
\i0 , 
\i Exp2
\i0 , and 
\i Exp3 
\i0 are expressions. \
Notice the use and placement of the colon. \
The 
\i expression 
\i0 must evaluate to a character or integer value. \
Floating-point expressions, for example, are not allowed. \
The value of 
\i expression 
\i0 is tested, in order, against the values of the constants specified in the 
\b case 
\b0 statements. \
When a match is found, the statement sequence associated with that 
\b case 
\b0 is executed until the 
\b break 
\b0 statement or the end of the 
\b switch 
\b0 statement is reached. \
The 
\b default 
\b0 statement is executed if no matches are found. The 
\b default 
\b0 is optional and, if it is not present, no action takes place if all matches fail. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 Standard C specifies that a 
\b switch 
\b0 can have at least 257 
\b case 
\b0 statements. \
Standard C++ recommends that 
\i at least 
\i0 16,384 
\b case 
\b0 statements be supported! In practice, you will want to limit the number of 
\b case 
\b0 statements to a smaller amount for efficiency. \
Although 
\b case 
\b0 is a label statement, it cannot exist by itself, outside of a 
\b switch
\b0 . 
\f2\fs24 \
\
\
}